Implement a conditional authenticator to check if a sub-flow was executed or not previously in the process (#35668)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/authentication/conditions.adoc

You can negate the output.
In other words, the attribute should not be present.

`Condition - sub-flow executed`::

> The condition checks if a previous sub-flow was successfully executed (or not executed) in the authentication process. This way, the flow can trigger some other steps depending on a previous sub-flow termination. Configuration fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The condition checks if a previous sub-flow was successfully executed (or not executed) in the authentication process. Therefore, the flow can trigger other steps based on a previous sub-flow termination. Configuration fields:
```

[source]
----
deny-role1 = You do not have required role!
----

==== 2FA conditional workflow examples

The section presents some examples of conditional workflows that integrates 2nd Factor Authentication (2FA) in different ways. The examples copy the default `browser` flow and modify the configuration inside the `forms` sub-flow.

===== Conditional 2FA sub-flow

The default `browser` flow uses a `Conditional OTP` sub-flow that already gives a 2FA with OTP Form (One Time Password). Following the same idea, different 2FA methods can be integrated with the `Condition - User Configured`.

> image:images/2fa-example1.png[2FA all alternative]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
,2FA all alternative
image:images/2fa-example1.png[2FA all alternative]
```

The `forms` sub-flow contains another `2FA` conditional sub-flow with `Condition - user configured`. Three 2FA steps (OTP, Webauthn and Recovery Codes) are allowed as alternative steps. The user will be able to choose one of the three options, if they are configured for the user. As the sub-flow is conditional, the authentication process will complete successfully if no 2FA credential is configured.

===== Conditional 2FA sub-flow and deny access

The second example continues the previous one. After the `2FA` sub-flow, another flow `Deny access if no 2FA` is used to check if the previous `2FA` was not executed. In that case (the user has no 2FA credential configured) the access is denied.

> image:images/2fa-example2.png[2FA all alternative and deny access]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.2FA all alternative and deny access
image:images/2fa-example2.png[2FA all alternative and deny access]
```

The `Condition - sub-flow executed` is configured to detect if the `2FA` sub-flow was not executed previously.

> image:images/2fa-example2-config.png[Configuration for the sub-flow executed]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Configuration for the sub-flow executed
image:images/2fa-example2-config.png[Configuration for the sub-flow executed]
```

The step `Deny access` denies the authentication if not executed.

===== Conditional 2FA sub-flow with OTP default

The last example is very similar to the previous one. Instead of denying the access, step `OTP Form` is configured as required.

> image:images/2fa-example3.png[2FA all alternative with OTP default]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.2FA all alternative with OTP default
image:images/2fa-example3.png[2FA all alternative with OTP default]
```
